src/pages/site-pages/home-page-mental-programmers.md, before:

---
templateKey: page
title: Home page - Mental Programmers
settings:
  seoTitle: Home
  pageUrl: /
  description: We help amazing people like you reprogram their minds to live the
    fulfilling life they desire
  shareImage: /img/amanda-leaning-on-lee-green-popsicles.jpg
sections:
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl7
      text: PROGRAM YOUR MIND
    mainImage:
      position: right
      radius: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/amanda-leaning-on-lee-green-popsicles.jpg
      aspectRatio: 9/10
    subheading:
      color: primary
      font: secondary
      size: xl3
      text: For Massive Success
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: secondary
      font: heading
      size: xl3
      text: ARE YOU READY TO
    content: []
    type: Hero 01
    id: Hero
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/2
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: We Help Amazing People Like You Reprogram Their Minds To Reach Their
        Dreams And Live A Life Full Of Purpose
      fontSize: md
  - buttons:
      - size: xl
        color: primary
        variant: solid
        mr: 0
        mt: 0
        text: ""
        url: "#modal-5-steps"
        mb: 0
        action: modal
        icon:
          position: iconOnly
          name: TrendingFlat
        type: button
        ml: 0
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl3
      text: Ready to master your mind and emotions?
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: -1
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/man-smiling-street.jpg
      alt: ""
      aspectRatio: 3/2
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: darkest
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Cta 01
    id: CTA-01
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/3
      textAlign: left
      maxWidth: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 4
      px: 4
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Get notified of our upcoming **FREE** events to learn more
      fontSize: md
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl5
      text: Lee & Amanda Porter
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: -10
      shadow: none
      image: /img/lee-amanda-posing-triangles.jpg
      alt: Lee & Amanda Porter
      aspectRatio: 3/4
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: primary
      font: heading
      size: xl3
      text: MORE ABOUT US
    type: Content
    id: About
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/2
      textAlign: left
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: >-
        Lee & Amanda were turned onto the personal development space over 15
        years ago, and have been fascinated by the power of the mind ever
        since.  Lee learned first hand the power of life coaching when he hired
        a personal life coach and tripled his income in 3 years.


        Later, Amanda built a business in the health and wellness space where she helped hundreds of individuals not only improve their physical health, but also their mental health.  Together, Amanda and Lee spoke at events, provided personal coaching, and trained hundreds as they also built their own businesses.


        In 2020, they were introduced to Neuro Linguistic Programming (NLP) and quickly recognized that the tools available through NLP were the key to creating lasting change for individuals.  They both became certified as Practitioners and Master Practitioners and have effectively helped business owners and those looking to level up their lives to reach their full potential.
      fontSize: md
  - buttons: []
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl7
      text: Does This Sound Like You?
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: light
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: xl4
          text: Can’t reach that next level?
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
          image: /img/man-on-phone-in-cafe.jpg
          alt: Professional Man
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: light
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Content
        id: Missing-Goals
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: inherit
          py: 5
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
              name: KeyboardDoubleArrowRight
          body: >-
            * You have **BIG GOALS** but you can’t seem to reach them?

            * You **work hard** but your income seems to have plateaued?

            * You want to **make changes** but aren’t sure where to begin?

            * You **feel stuck** and frustrated because things just aren’t working out?
          fontSize: md
      - heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: xl4
          text: Missing something in life?
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
          image: /img/woman-eyes-closed.jpg
          alt: Frustrated Man
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: light
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Content
        id: Missing-Purpose
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: inherit
          py: 5
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
              name: KeyboardDoubleArrowRight
          body: >-
            * Are you **successful**, but still feel like you have more to give?

            * Are you **new in your career** and want to make it meaningful?

            * Are you **a parent** looking to make a significant impact for your family?

            * Are you **hungry for more** and want to fulfill your purpose?
          fontSize: md
    type: Content
    id: Problems
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      fontSize: md
      body: ""
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: lg
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: light
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Content
    id: Problems-02
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: -20
      mb: 0
      px: 10
      py: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      fontSize: lg
      body: "***Perhaps it's time to look inward and discover what old programs you
        have running that are keeping you from fulfilling your biggest
        dreams?***"
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl7
      text: We can Teach you to Master Your Mind
    mainImage:
      position: bottom
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: -10
      shadow: none
      image: /img/amanda-in-focus-lee-behind.jpg
      alt: We can teach you how to quit forever
      aspectRatio: 4/3
    subheading:
      color: primary
      font: secondary
      size: xl4
      text: And it's easier than you think
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Content
    id: Mind-Mastery
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: md
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: >-
        You don't need more willpower to make significant change.  But instead,
        **you need tools** to help you change your programming (habits). 


        So instead of continuing an internal struggle that seems like it may never end, or deciding to just give up, how much better would it be to learn how to reprogram your brain **to get the results you want?**


        We can teach you the tools and skills you need to clean out your past, design your future, and **create the reality you truly want**.
      fontSize: md
  - buttons:
      - size: xl2
        color: secondary
        variant: solid
        mr: 0
        mt: 2
        text: NOTIFY ME!
        url: "#modal-5-steps"
        mb: 0
        action: modal
        icon:
          position: after
        type: button
        ml: 0
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl4
      text: Mastery is within reach
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/man-looking-at-camera-on-couch-trees.jpg
      aspectRatio: 3/2
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: colored
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Content
    id: CTA-02
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/3
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 5
      px: 5
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Join our next webinar to learn how mental programming can change your
        life.  Click the button below and give us your best email to send the
        notification.
      fontSize: md
  - buttons: []
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl4
      text: You're ready to Master Your Mind
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: primary
      font: handwriting
      size: xl3
      text: Let's Do This!
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    content:
      - buttons:
          - size: md
            color: primary
            variant: solid
            mr: 0
            mt: 0
            text: Notify Me
            url: /
            mb: 0
            action: link
            icon:
              position: after
            type: button
            ml: 0
        heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: lg
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: default
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Form
        id: NotifyOfEventsForm
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: lg
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          fontSize: md
    type: Modal
    id: modal-5-steps
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 7
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Enter your best email to ***get notified of our next events*** so you can
        learn more about how to reprogram your mind for massive success!
      fontSize: md
---

Commit message:

Fix modal and remove Programs from menu

src/pages/site-pages/home-page-mental-programmers.md, after:

---
templateKey: page
title: Home page - Mental Programmers
settings:
  seoTitle: Home
  pageUrl: /
  description: We help amazing people like you reprogram their minds to live the
    fulfilling life they desire
  shareImage: /img/amanda-leaning-on-lee-green-popsicles.jpg
sections:
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl7
      text: PROGRAM YOUR MIND
    mainImage:
      position: right
      radius: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/amanda-leaning-on-lee-green-popsicles.jpg
      aspectRatio: 9/10
    subheading:
      color: primary
      font: secondary
      size: xl3
      text: For Massive Success
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: secondary
      font: heading
      size: xl3
      text: ARE YOU READY TO
    content: []
    type: Hero 01
    id: Hero
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/2
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: We Help Amazing People Like You Reprogram Their Minds To Reach Their
        Dreams And Live A Life Full Of Purpose
      fontSize: md
  - buttons:
      - size: xl
        color: primary
        variant: solid
        mr: 0
        mt: 0
        text: ""
        url: "#notify-of-events"
        mb: 0
        action: modal
        icon:
          position: iconOnly
          name: TrendingFlat
        type: button
        ml: 0
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl3
      text: Ready to master your mind and emotions?
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: -1
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/man-smiling-street.jpg
      alt: ""
      aspectRatio: 3/2
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: darkest
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Cta 01
    id: CTA-01
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/3
      textAlign: left
      maxWidth: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 4
      px: 4
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Get notified of our upcoming **FREE** events to learn more
      fontSize: md
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl5
      text: Lee & Amanda Porter
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: -10
      shadow: none
      image: /img/lee-amanda-posing-triangles.jpg
      alt: Lee & Amanda Porter
      aspectRatio: 3/4
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: primary
      font: heading
      size: xl3
      text: MORE ABOUT US
    type: Content
    id: About
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/2
      textAlign: left
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: >-
        Lee & Amanda were turned onto the personal development space over 15
        years ago, and have been fascinated by the power of the mind ever
        since.  Lee learned first hand the power of life coaching when he hired
        a personal life coach and tripled his income in 3 years.


        Later, Amanda built a business in the health and wellness space where she helped hundreds of individuals not only improve their physical health, but also their mental health.  Together, Amanda and Lee spoke at events, provided personal coaching, and trained hundreds as they also built their own businesses.


        In 2020, they were introduced to Neuro Linguistic Programming (NLP) and quickly recognized that the tools available through NLP were the key to creating lasting change for individuals.  They both became certified as Practitioners and Master Practitioners and have effectively helped business owners and those looking to level up their lives to reach their full potential.
      fontSize: md
  - buttons: []
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl7
      text: Does This Sound Like You?
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: light
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: xl4
          text: Can’t reach that next level?
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
          image: /img/man-on-phone-in-cafe.jpg
          alt: Professional Man
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: light
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Content
        id: Missing-Goals
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: inherit
          py: 5
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
              name: KeyboardDoubleArrowRight
          body: >-
            * You have **BIG GOALS** but you can’t seem to reach them?

            * You **work hard** but your income seems to have plateaued?

            * You want to **make changes** but aren’t sure where to begin?

            * You **feel stuck** and frustrated because things just aren’t working out?
          fontSize: md
      - heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: xl4
          text: Missing something in life?
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
          image: /img/woman-eyes-closed.jpg
          alt: Frustrated Man
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: light
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Content
        id: Missing-Purpose
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: inherit
          py: 5
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
              name: KeyboardDoubleArrowRight
          body: >-
            * Are you **successful**, but still feel like you have more to give?

            * Are you **new in your career** and want to make it meaningful?

            * Are you **a parent** looking to make a significant impact for your family?

            * Are you **hungry for more** and want to fulfill your purpose?
          fontSize: md
    type: Content
    id: Problems
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      fontSize: md
      body: ""
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: lg
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: light
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Content
    id: Problems-02
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: -20
      mb: 0
      px: 10
      py: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      fontSize: lg
      body: "***Perhaps it's time to look inward and discover what old programs you
        have running that are keeping you from fulfilling your biggest
        dreams?***"
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl7
      text: We can Teach you to Master Your Mind
    mainImage:
      position: bottom
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: -10
      shadow: none
      image: /img/amanda-in-focus-lee-behind.jpg
      alt: We can teach you how to quit forever
      aspectRatio: 4/3
    subheading:
      color: primary
      font: secondary
      size: xl4
      text: And it's easier than you think
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Content
    id: Mind-Mastery
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: md
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: >-
        You don't need more willpower to make significant change.  But instead,
        **you need tools** to help you change your programming (habits). 


        So instead of continuing an internal struggle that seems like it may never end, or deciding to just give up, how much better would it be to learn how to reprogram your brain **to get the results you want?**


        We can teach you the tools and skills you need to clean out your past, design your future, and **create the reality you truly want**.
      fontSize: md
  - buttons:
      - size: xl2
        color: secondary
        variant: solid
        mr: 0
        mt: 2
        text: NOTIFY ME!
        url: "#notify-of-events"
        mb: 0
        action: modal
        icon:
          position: after
        type: button
        ml: 0
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl4
      text: Mastery is within reach
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/man-looking-at-camera-on-couch-trees.jpg
      aspectRatio: 3/2
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: secondary
      size: md
    theme: colored
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    type: Content
    id: CTA-02
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/3
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 5
      px: 5
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Join our next webinar to learn how mental programming can change your
        life.  Click the button below and give us your best email to send the
        notification.
      fontSize: md
  - buttons: []
    heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: xl4
      text: You're ready to Master Your Mind
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: primary
      font: handwriting
      size: xl3
      text: Let's Do This!
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    content:
      - buttons:
          - size: md
            color: primary
            variant: solid
            mr: 0
            mt: 0
            text: Notify Me
            url: /
            mb: 0
            action: link
            icon:
              position: after
            type: button
            ml: 0
        heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: lg
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: default
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Form
        id: NotifyOfEventsForm
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: lg
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          fontSize: md
    type: Modal
    id: notify-of-events
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/1
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: lg
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 10
      px: 7
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Enter your best email to ***get notified of our next events*** so you can
        learn more about how to reprogram your mind for massive success!
      fontSize: md
---
