src/pages/home/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: home-page
seoTitle: Home Page
sections:
  - buttons:
      - color: primary
        type: button
        size: xl2
        text: Primary
        icon:
          name: ArrowBack
          position: before
        url: "#"
        variant: solid
        action: link
      - color: secondary
        type: link
        size: sm
        text: About Us
        icon:
          name: ArrowForward
          position: after
        variant: plain
        action: link
        url: "#About"
    heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: xl7
      text: Find your power
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: right
      image: /img/flavor_wheel.jpg
      alt: Lee & Amanda
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: primary
      type: default
      size: xl3
      text: Over Pornography
      font: subheading
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      type: primary
      size: xl2
      text: Learn how you can
      font: heading
    content:
      - buttons:
          - type: button
            color: primary
            variant: solid
            size: md
            icon:
              position: after
              name: fdaf
            action: link
            text: fdasdsaf
            url: fdasfas
        heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: lg
          text: afasf
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
          image: /img/blog-index.jpg
          alt: gk
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
          text: afdsaf
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: default
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
          text: fadfdasf
        type: Content
        id: Required-for-some-reason
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
    type: Hero 01
    id: Hero
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: lg
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 2
      py: 30
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: center
      split: 1/2
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
          name: checkmark
      body: We Help People Overcome Pornography So That They Can Heal From Past
        Wounds And Live A Shame Free Life Full Of Joy.
  - buttons:
      - color: primary
        type: button
        size: xl2
        icon:
          name: ArrowForward
          position: iconOnly
        variant: solid
        action: modal
        url: "#Modal-01"
    heading:
      color: default
      type: primary
      size: xl3
      text: Want to let go of shame in 5 easy steps?
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: left
      image: /img/products-full-width.jpg
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: darkest
    tagline:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: sm
      font: heading
    type: Cta 01
    id: Cta01
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/2
      textAlign: left
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      forcePadding: false
      radius: none
      shadow: none
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Shame is a major factor holding you back from the progress you want.  Get
        your free copy of our ***5 Steps to Let Go of Shame***.
  - heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: xl4
      text: Lee & Amanda Porter
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: left
      image: /img/jumbotron.jpg
      alt: fdsf
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: lg
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: secondary
      type: tertiary
      size: xl
      text: MORE ABOUT US
      font: subheading
    type: Content
    id: About
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: xl
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 1
      py: 20
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: left
      split: 1/2
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: >-
        We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
        with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

        \

        We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

        \

        We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

        \

        We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

        \

        Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
  - heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: xl6
      text: Porn Habit?
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: right
      image: ""
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: light
    tagline:
      color: secondary
      type: default
      size: xl3
      text: STRUGGLING TO KICK YOUR
      font: handwriting
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: xl4
          text: Does This Sound Like You?
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: right
          image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
          alt: asfas
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: light
        tagline:
          color: tertiary
          type: tertiary
          size: lg
          text: ""
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: Struggling
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: false
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: light
          px: 0
          py: 6
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
              name: CheckCircle
          body: >-
            Maybe you've been viewing porn for decades, maybe it's only been a
            short while.  Regardless of how long it's been, maybe you are
            experiencing some of the same feelings we did for years. Can you
            relate?


            * ​**Frustrated** because you've wanted to quit but don't know how

            * ​**Hopeless**, you've tried everything you can think of but nothing has worked

            * ​​**Feeling terrible** about yourself every time you view porn

            * ​**Scared** you may lose all you hold dear​
    type: Content
    id: Sound-Like-You
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: xl
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 2
      py: 20
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: center
      split: 1/1
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
  - heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: lg
      text: TESTING MULTIPLE NESTED CONTENT
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: dark
    tagline:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: sm
      font: heading
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: lg
          text: Content 01
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: dark
        tagline:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: sm
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: nested-01
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: light
          px: 8
          py: 4
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: >-
            We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
            with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

            \

            We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

            \

            We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

            \

            We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

            \

            Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
      - heading:
          color: primary
          type: default
          size: lg
          text: Content 02
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: dark
        tagline:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: sm
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: nested-02
        contentStyles:
          shadow: md
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 10
          containerTheme: colored
          px: 8
          py: 8
          radius: lg
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: >-
            We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
            with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

            \

            We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

            \

            We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

            \

            We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

            \

            Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
      - heading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: lg
          text: Content 03
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: dark
        tagline:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: sm
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: nested-03
        contentStyles:
          shadow: xl
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          px: 4
          py: 4
          radius: lg
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: >-
            We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
            with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

            \

            We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

            \

            We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

            \

            We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

            \

            Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
    type: Content
    id: Nested-Conent
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: xl
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 2
      py: 20
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: center
      split: 1/1
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: lg
      text: ""
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/amanda-in-focus-lee-behind.jpg
      alt: fdasf
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: subheading
      size: md
      text: ""
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: xl
          text: TEST HEADING
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: handwriting
          size: md
          text: TEST SUBHEADING
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: default
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Content
        id: test-modal-nested-content
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          px: 2
          py: 1
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: k﻿l;fjadkl;jfla kl; fkl;dj akl;jf lk;j ;jfl ;dajl;fkjdas iopugio
            pahjrtkewaiopjvkl;j l;ajfljdal ;fkldajsiogjal mrkleajlkjf oiauo
            ;jlekwanreaul; fmdl; ajsl;j fds; aufiopajs l;
    type: Modal
    id: Modal-01
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/3
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 0
      px: 0
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: ""
---

Commit message:

Add Head metadata; Add support for page settings in CMS

src/pages/home/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: home-page
pageTitle: Home
settings:
  shareImage: /img/amanda-in-focus-lee-behind.jpg
  description: The Porters Coaching is dedicated to helping people overcome
    pornography.  This is for people with an unwanted porn habit, their spouses,
    and parents who want to teach their children
sections:
  - buttons:
      - color: primary
        type: button
        size: xl2
        text: Primary
        icon:
          name: ArrowBack
          position: before
        url: "#"
        variant: solid
        action: link
      - color: secondary
        type: link
        size: sm
        text: About Us
        icon:
          name: ArrowForward
          position: after
        variant: plain
        action: link
        url: "#About"
    heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: xl7
      text: Find your power
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: right
      image: /img/flavor_wheel.jpg
      alt: Lee & Amanda
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: primary
      type: default
      size: xl3
      text: Over Pornography
      font: subheading
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      type: primary
      size: xl2
      text: Learn how you can
      font: heading
    content:
      - buttons:
          - type: button
            color: primary
            variant: solid
            size: md
            icon:
              position: after
              name: fdaf
            action: link
            text: fdasdsaf
            url: fdasfas
        heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: lg
          text: afasf
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
          image: /img/blog-index.jpg
          alt: gk
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: md
          text: afdsaf
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: default
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
          text: fadfdasf
        type: Content
        id: Required-for-some-reason
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
    type: Hero 01
    id: Hero
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: lg
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 2
      py: 30
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: center
      split: 1/2
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
          name: checkmark
      body: We Help People Overcome Pornography So That They Can Heal From Past
        Wounds And Live A Shame Free Life Full Of Joy.
  - buttons:
      - color: primary
        type: button
        size: xl2
        icon:
          name: ArrowForward
          position: iconOnly
        variant: solid
        action: modal
        url: "#Modal-01"
    heading:
      color: default
      type: primary
      size: xl3
      text: Want to let go of shame in 5 easy steps?
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: left
      image: /img/products-full-width.jpg
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: darkest
    tagline:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: sm
      font: heading
    type: Cta 01
    id: Cta01
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/2
      textAlign: left
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      forcePadding: false
      radius: none
      shadow: none
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: Shame is a major factor holding you back from the progress you want.  Get
        your free copy of our ***5 Steps to Let Go of Shame***.
  - heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: xl4
      text: Lee & Amanda Porter
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: left
      image: /img/jumbotron.jpg
      alt: fdsf
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: lg
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: secondary
      type: tertiary
      size: xl
      text: MORE ABOUT US
      font: subheading
    type: Content
    id: About
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: xl
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 1
      py: 20
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: left
      split: 1/2
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: >-
        We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
        with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

        \

        We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

        \

        We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

        \

        We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

        \

        Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
  - heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: xl6
      text: Porn Habit?
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: right
      image: ""
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: light
    tagline:
      color: secondary
      type: default
      size: xl3
      text: STRUGGLING TO KICK YOUR
      font: handwriting
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: xl4
          text: Does This Sound Like You?
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: right
          image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
          alt: asfas
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: light
        tagline:
          color: tertiary
          type: tertiary
          size: lg
          text: ""
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: Struggling
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: false
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: light
          px: 0
          py: 6
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
              name: CheckCircle
          body: >-
            Maybe you've been viewing porn for decades, maybe it's only been a
            short while.  Regardless of how long it's been, maybe you are
            experiencing some of the same feelings we did for years. Can you
            relate?


            * ​**Frustrated** because you've wanted to quit but don't know how

            * ​**Hopeless**, you've tried everything you can think of but nothing has worked

            * ​​**Feeling terrible** about yourself every time you view porn

            * ​**Scared** you may lose all you hold dear​
    type: Content
    id: Sound-Like-You
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: xl
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 2
      py: 20
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: center
      split: 1/1
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
  - heading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: lg
      text: TESTING MULTIPLE NESTED CONTENT
      font: heading
    mainImage:
      position: top
      radius: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
    subheading:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: md
      font: subheading
    theme: dark
    tagline:
      color: default
      type: default
      size: sm
      font: heading
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: lg
          text: Content 01
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: dark
        tagline:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: sm
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: nested-01
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: light
          px: 8
          py: 4
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: >-
            We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
            with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

            \

            We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

            \

            We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

            \

            We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

            \

            Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
      - heading:
          color: primary
          type: default
          size: lg
          text: Content 02
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: dark
        tagline:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: sm
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: nested-02
        contentStyles:
          shadow: md
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 10
          containerTheme: colored
          px: 8
          py: 8
          radius: lg
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: >-
            We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
            with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

            \

            We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

            \

            We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

            \

            We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

            \

            Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
      - heading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: lg
          text: Content 03
          font: heading
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: xl
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: md
          font: subheading
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: dark
        tagline:
          color: default
          type: default
          size: sm
          font: heading
        type: Content
        id: nested-03
        contentStyles:
          shadow: xl
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          px: 4
          py: 4
          radius: lg
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/1
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: >-
            We’ve been there, we know the struggle and the pain that can persist
            with a porn habit. We know the heartache it can cause.\

            \

            We've also spent hundreds of hours learning about how the brain works and how to program the results you want!  We are Master Practitioners in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).  What does this mean for you? \

            \

            We know how to help you CHANGE your mind!\

            \

            We have found tools that worked for us to finally find peace and healing from the problems that come from pornography use.\

            \

            Now we want to share what we’ve learned with you, so you can experience the hope and joy that comes from healing and living in alignment with your values.
    type: Content
    id: Nested-Conent
    contentStyles:
      shadow: none
      maxWidth: xl
      forcePadding: false
      mt: 0
      px: 2
      py: 20
      radius: none
      mb: 0
      textAlign: center
      split: 1/1
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
  - heading:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: lg
      text: ""
    mainImage:
      position: left
      radius: none
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      shadow: none
      image: /img/amanda-in-focus-lee-behind.jpg
      alt: fdasf
    subheading:
      color: default
      font: subheading
      size: md
      text: ""
    theme: default
    tagline:
      color: default
      font: heading
      size: sm
    content:
      - heading:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: xl
          text: TEST HEADING
        mainImage:
          position: top
          radius: none
          mt: 0
          mb: 0
          shadow: none
        subheading:
          color: default
          font: handwriting
          size: md
          text: TEST SUBHEADING
        secondaryContent: true
        theme: default
        tagline:
          color: default
          font: heading
          size: sm
        type: Content
        id: test-modal-nested-content
        contentStyles:
          shadow: none
          maxWidth: xl
          forcePadding: true
          mt: 0
          containerTheme: default
          px: 2
          py: 1
          radius: none
          mb: 0
          textAlign: left
          split: 1/2
        description:
          bullets:
            size: md
            icon:
              color: secondary
          body: k﻿l;fjadkl;jfla kl; fkl;dj akl;jf lk;j ;jfl ;dajl;fkjdas iopugio
            pahjrtkewaiopjvkl;j l;ajfljdal ;fkldajsiogjal mrkleajlkjf oiauo
            ;jlekwanreaul; fmdl; ajsl;j fds; aufiopajs l;
    type: Modal
    id: Modal-01
    contentStyles:
      split: 1/3
      textAlign: center
      maxWidth: xl
      mt: 0
      mb: 0
      py: 0
      px: 0
    description:
      bullets:
        size: md
        icon:
          color: secondary
      body: ""
---
